{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1671\cocoasubrtf600
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 Ex02 is the first pilot experiment for recording eye-gaze data during natural reaching. This experiment was done in conjunction with REU student Miranda Noak\'92s summer project.\
\
Written by Jack Schultz\
Updated 8/23/19\
\
The experiment procedure is as follows:\
	1) White square is displayed on the screen (starting position). Subject is instructed to keep eyes and hand on starting position.\
	2) If eyes remain stable and within tolerance region, and hand remains on starting position for a certain amount of time, a red square appears (target position). Subject is instructed to move only their eyes to the target position.\
	3) If the subjects eyes remain stable and within tolerance region for a specified amount of time, the target position changes from red to green. The subject is then instructed to move their hand from the starting position to the now green target position.\
	4) If the subjects hand remains on the target position for a specified amount of time, the target position disappears. There is no condition on eye position here. The subject is instructed to move their eyes and hand to the starting position and the process repeats.\
\
The targets are all squares and of the same size. This experiment file includes UDP sending and receiving. This file includes conditions for eye stability and tolerance regions for the eyes to remain within. This experiment was completed for 6 subjects with the display plane mounted horizontally on a desk. The experiment was conducted in the summer of 2019.}